everybody welcome back northernlion The
Binding of Isaac after birth plus I'm
gonna do the whole video just talking
like this like I'm a real influencer
anyway yesterday's daily obviously I'm
not going to do the whole video talking
like that so don't call myself an
influencer unless we're talking about
influencing the sales of men at work's
greatest hits album contraband the best
of men at work 36 - yesterday 0.44
overall percentile great score died in
delirium honorable way to go considering
we push it to the limit to begin with um
today it's it's like my perfect storm of
bad runs it is well Kayne I like being
Kayne 4.20 damage right off the bat
tremendous however we're only going to
mom's foot table score today is 49,000
frontpage goes from 34 to 49,000 I guess
is the obvious way to phrase that um I
hope that we find a seam but it we
there's like some best practices I
haven't been following for finding
scenes lately for example right off the
bat if we get a teleport card never use
it never use it until you find the boss
rush and apart from that I mean you know
that eihwaz ruin existence you know the
shovel existence aside my friend Corey
twitch that DV / flack blag about
dailies and he was like I didn't know
this he's like top 30 maybe in the
dailies top 50 overall he's got great
daily scores lots of top-ten finishes
but he said did you know that the
contents of a deal with the devil can
change based on when you see the deal
with the devil so I guess there's like a
almost like a butterfly effect style
causality chain that happens like if you
use the Joker card versus earning a deal
with the devil naturally it could change
what you see in that deal with the devil
based on maybe what you saw throughout
the rest of the floor like if there was
another special item for example on the
floor so on the run where I couldn't
find a seam it was like three dailies
ago I couldn't seem to find a seam to
progress past mom's foot he said that he
found the shovel and his understanding
of that was that
the shovels simply existed for him
whereas it didn't for me but I didn't go
back and watch that daily as possible
even plausible that I just actually had
the chance to get the shovel and totally
brain farted it wouldn't be the first
time we're going to try to do a little
bit better than that this time Dingle
with speed is not bad to fight so we'll
kill him and we'll save High Priestess
for the inevitable Big Horn fight that
always happens on dailies and Jesus
juice is quite good as well I just the
only reason I'm bummed by that is
because it's the second fat finger in as
many dailies and that may also screw me
a little bit when it comes to the
getting the deal of the devil on the
next floor well I guess not but if well
I guess mitten directly it could because
we could have killed a boss that could
hit us instantly instead of having to
actually fight him but you know what
it's up to us to persevere over what is
basically the dumbest mistake I've made
in a long time I got a you know if
something happens twice I'm still likely
to think it's a coincidence in this case
instead of you know something that
requires immediate attention well I
don't know is NL's keyboard okay I think
this is what might happen to my uncle's
keyboard interface drivers before they
crash completely no it's just poor
placement of the of the hand here so
it's really up to us to persevere the
big loss was not so much taking the
damage it was losing the card which
could prevent us from taking damage at a
more a more dire point in the future
don't like when the spawners get kind of
stuck there so our damage is five point
three one right off the bat here that's
very very good halo of flies is also
excellent works us towards Beelzebub
which is a little unlikely to manifest
itself too soon but still I will say how
hilarious would be if the right path was
actually to take damage and why I left
there um it's the right path was to take
damage come down here go to the boss
Trap room and then use the boss Trap
room you know maybe it gives you like go
head or something like that and then you
just
the run it's plausible maybe a little
unlikely but but plausible and this is a
boss fight for which we would have loved
to have had High Priestess to be honest
with you this is a tough one so I think
the the easiest thing we can do right
now let's take it slow
we've got infinity time all we got to do
and we've taken damage on this room in
the past with certainty best thing you
can do just keep moving
whenever possible try to kill the
fistula parts when they're over the
chasms but it looks like we're going to
survive and honestly this survival comes
down to and and not just survival but
like of course getting the deal with the
devil - basically comes down to the fact
that we got five point three one damage
this early you know what this is a total
angel run we don't need to beat
ourselves up over this one I think we're
fine with our existing trinket and we'll
just use this and this gives us two
bombs which is actually amazing it also
gives the shop access and there's two
luck upgrades in there along with two
cents to begin with we want to use one
bomb well we'll see what's in this thing
as well but we want to use one bomb
come on to get the bomb the double bombs
that are in that other room and then
maybe it doesn't look like any of these
are likely to necessarily give us coins
so we don't need to sweat that a loss on
soo so that's a next floor kind of pick
up I'm going to grab this the ace of
clubs we could use the ace of clubs on
like I mean we don't want to take
forever here but we can use basic clubs
right here there's one extra bomb for us
you never know how important that may or
may not be and then inside of our shops
there any thing we can get we could buy
another spear and our we could blow
those guys up and look for something but
I think I'm content where I am should
not give us a secret room but
Hey two extra pennies and then there's a
lot of second secret room locations the
last thing I will say is that we could
blow up the mushrooms in the secret room
and look for like magic mush but maybe
because I've been low on bombs this
whole run I'm like I don't really want
to do that right now
I just don't really want to do that
right now don't think that's the
direction our run should be taking we
should be focusing on our strengths
instead of our weaknesses I don't know
why I'm phrasing it in this voice that
clearly have some kind of connotations
along with it all the one reciting what
appears to be a sound business strategy
really says a lot about me I think that
this is the voice that I default to when
I want to say something self-righteous
and possibly vapid okay I'm revealing a
lot about implicit you know emotions
that even though I had I'm learning a
little bit about myself a lot about
living and a little about loved one
makes you small is totally fine and some
of today's daily at large right now we
have made a decision that will have you
know its own butterfly effect sort of
repercussions we chose not to take an
item on the deal with the devil and it
totally extremely very much was not
because I was worried about picking up a
one heart item walking on the spikes and
then dying instantly it was because oh
let's uh maybe we would be getting
closer to Beelzebub there I'm not sure I
guess a little shove isn't done
Beelzebub enabler so we wouldn't have
Beelzebub yet but infestation should
count in my opinion I'd like I think it
does count is what I mean well ya know
ideals they can be great I chose to take
I wouldn't even say it's taking the
conservative approach I actually just
think in this case it's the sensible
approach because none of the items in
that deal to that will we're good enough
to justify giving up half of our HP I
know there's like there's a thought that
if you don't take every deal with the
devil item the for when you have the
opportunity and it gives you precedent
like you're being a baby about it but I
disagree you know it's a smart decision
in our case to limit that risk because
neither the items were that interesting
to be frank
you or that useful so I stand by this
decision until we get deals with the
angel they give us absolute garbage at
which point I no longer stand by this
decision
and I reserve the right to blame my
decision on the people who created the
daily instead of taking any degree of
personal responsibility for it myself as
is my right as a twitch streamer and
youtuber now by the way you might be
saying NL your noisy got to get a
compressor I've seen the comments I've
seen the tweets the reddit posts and
hell's got to get a compressor they
always go that they and I'm not saying
that the criticism is invalid at all but
in my head I'm still a do to my
underwear whoo cords videos in his
office that is about the size of a shoe
closet because that's I mean literally
the depiction of a pound living right
now but they always go like it's
unbelievable that is his business and
this is the way you treat this customers
not like you know what you're right but
it hurts to hear because it's like I I'm
the kind of person who I can spend like
infinity hours making content but if I
gotta fix one little sub optimization
about it it's like all it's pulling
teeth man like I can't deal with it for
some reason it's like selective ADHD not
to you know take sympathy for having a
disorder I don't necessarily have but
give me the spirit are near we do ok I'm
going to go back to the cursor right now
then but yeah it said I'm recording
these OBS OBS has a software based
compression for the microphone that
means when I yell really loudly it
shouldn't make your ears bleed anymore
however it makes if you can only take
one what do you take Holy Grail
[Music]
wafers great but Holy Grail for the HP
and to be able to fly I think is our go
here why that over dead dove I value the
HP more than I valued the spectral tears
that's the easy answer there anyway so
the compressor is not on right now you
might be saying I don't notice a
difference that's because the
compressors not on because it made my
hole every time I talked a bit I wasn't
yelling it made me sound like kind of an
old-time radio announcer and not even in
the cool like you know fallout sort of
way so I need to I need to find some
better settings for that compressor but
rest assured you know a change is going
to come either way my change came like
Sam Cooke it's a Kanye West I think
that's we major it is we major of course
it's we major now wouldn't mind picking
up a little extra damage here we're not
going to get it from the angel obviously
you got to fight the angel statue either
way gives you better angel chances in
the future for one we're gonna be like
less than a minute and a half I'm
scheduled it's not enough to cry about
but it is enough to maybe start to get a
little worried other people might have
made a different decision there and I
can understand a decision being made to
take to take the wafer I can even
understand a decision being made to take
we would what's the point I can
dead dove although I very much disagree
with a dead dove choice really hoping
that was going to blow up in his face
oh come on so what do I want from the
boss honestly I want chaos not from the
boss because that's not possible but I
want I want chaos from the shop whenever
we can afford it because we need to
stack up damage if we're going to make
boss rush and we are not looking like
that's too freaking likely right now
because deals of the angel are lower on
damage to be given no matter how much
you like deals with the angel you have
to admit the high damage items tends to
be clustered on the deal with the devil
the oh the Angels got a couple great
ones do not get me wrong dude did you
just save my life right there we got
three point five zero damage up I'm an
extremely happy camper and I'm moving
along here still looking for guppy items
tears ups whatever I can get
speed up okay what makes you small not
against it we have no chance at an
arcade here which honestly is kind of an
oversight on my part I spent more money
than was necessary and we could have
used ace of diamonds to create one more
penny to give us an arcade chance but
the other thing I will say is it was
unintentional but maybe it's for the
best because we don't really have time
to be messing about with the deal with
the devil or a blood bank shenanigans
right now or any arcade shenanigans for
that matter being is behind schedule as
we are we just want to make sure that
it's weird to say because last round it
was like the exact opposite but on this
run the correct course of action is to
take the safe way out by going to boss
rush boss rush is a safe way for us to
give points and ensure that we got a
chance to do okay on the rankings today
dude I actually hate that enemy stop
that what are you doing get some help
okay two items here if we can be out of
here by 14 minutes which i think is
fairly fast still we should have a good
shot here and you know another deal with
the angel wouldn't kick it out of bed
for eating crackers I don't think I want
lard
I think lard I finally graduated out of
the training wheels lard is a training
wheels item sometimes you're still going
to want it I mean if I was biking on the
Nurburgring I'd want training wheels see
this is where the metaphor falls apart
much like a bike that hasn't been
fastened in okay you get the idea I
don't need training wheels on this run
anymore we don't need 5 HP 4 is enough
and the speed downgrade is way more cost
than it's worth at this point so we can
blow that guy up for a little extra
money
we do have Steam sale
we did get the money which is nice so
we're looking for a higher-quality item
I don't think the maps quite good enough
but it's close I'll take a random shop
item instead which is idiotic but we
didn't have anything better to replace
it why do I say it's idiotic well I mean
it worked out for us but why would we
ever with a reroll machine take a random
item instead of reroll into an item that
we could actually know about it's a
valid question really makes you think we
should have kept a bomb so we could blow
up an angel statue as well but truth be
told this actually worked out very well
better than it had me right - because we
have swallowed penny which is actually
crooked penny now and crooked penny is
potentially worth a lot of points
potentially worth a couple of good items
if we can get the charges to work for us
properly we don't need to pick that up
yet and I think it's pretty clear 14
minutes is not going to happen and that
just highlights that 14 minutes was kind
of an idiotic estimation that's why you
make estimates it's not called you know
an accurate prediction of what's going
to happen it's an estimate it's the best
guess it's an approximation of you know
you're educated guess
14:30 is not too bad we do have a deal
with the angel I'm not going to try to
double toothpicks it's too good I think
you just take Holy Light Holy Light
which is good enough don't mess with it
and now we're still on this grind of
trying to make it to boss rush but we
are good enough to survive boss rush now
and really like if I can to my own horn
a little bit here at least we didn't let
ourselves get beaten down by that
terrible terrible High Priestess player
Lee it's literally the faith is praise I
can damn myself with but we didn't just
completely capitulate when I made one
bad play and you know what it's nice
doesn't always happen but if you'll
allow me I'm going to pump my own tires
a little bit here because the whole
point of this is so I'm confident enough
to make it into and through boss rush
and hopefully find a way to get an
extra steam which one must exist there
must be a seam because there are people
here with nearly 50,000 points even if
you have 30,000 points that means you
made it past you made it past boss rush
you might not have done boss rush but
you probably did if I'm being 100%
honest so we're really at the point we
got to be in there in the next five
minutes so we better look for four good
opportunities to get the the heck out of
Dodge we could play a self sacrifice
room that's one way out as well sure I
don't know about a judgement I sort of
don't really fathom how we would use
this to get a teleport car but just
because it wouldn't give us a teleport
card doesn't necessarily mean it's not
great it's easiest decision of my life
and then you just buy another humbling
bundle for reasons unbeknownst to me but
okay we don't need the money well we
might need the money eventually but we
don't need the money right now we got a
humbling bundle anyway that's the
important part seven cents for
everything out of that shop is a pretty
solid deal and we are gone
and we're gone in a timely enough
fashion that I actually am you could
almost accuse me of being on schedule
which is amazing I think oh this is it
this is our opportunity to pop econo
just get it out of the system her throat
her throat algae's a was okay he's done
it so this is just what you take sure we
could take perthro for now but i'm you
notice like the the rate of my speech
correlates to how panicked i feel about
the boss rush timeline on our run so I
meant like like a seven concerned right
now because we got the tools we just
need to make it work now okay we're down
to the next floor we're in a lovely
position definitely we'll be checking
this out well we got the chance you know
what you're you're a rascal that's what
you are but I'm going to give it a shot
regardless
okay we got it
speedball probably like nearly useless
but might have paid for the time it took
to get it on this floor at least we
don't need doctors remote just say
goodbye to but I don't even pick the
items up anymore I see a self-sacrifice
room and the self sacrifice room is very
interesting but in a waz rune means
we're precluded from using that self
sacrifice room at least for now what
we're looking for now is honestly a
blank card from the shop being able to
use blank card a waz is more valuable
than just having one a waz and it's more
valuable than the cricket penny as well
and this is what I'd love about Daly's
even though you might be a little
cynical about that sure looking for a
theme is really lame when you don't find
one it feels like you had a decent daily
ripped out from under you but when you
find it it's like that positive
serotonin release of a plan gone right
like you organized around the principle
and that principle came true and it
makes you feel like a dang genius even
though it's pretty much preordained to
happen by the existence of the run to
begin with so we're still looking for
our shop we should be able to beat mom
in a timely fashion so I'm not sweating
the time right now - too much it's a
long trip back to the shop and in order
to get the know we have steam sale
disregard I was going to say in order to
get blank card if it even exists we have
to use a crooked penny but we don't
we got more luck upgrades out of that
that's stupid and hilarious okay Francis
I mean we there's battery charges so
yeah that's what I was thinking we might
as well try to double it didn't work out
life goes on we got a minute to beat mom
we could probably beat her fast enough
to also chance a deal with the devil or
angel for that matter and I have
something good happen but we'll see
we'll see we'll see we'll see okay mom
fight it's a big moment for us boss rush
is of the utmost importance
don't freak out just yet but you got to
go a little faster I think that's what
we needed a holy light shot to land on
the foot or on any segment where she
takes consistent damage come on come on
come on we got this easy money
no Krampus please I think it's worth the
check should try it for the free item
maybe but if you lose it you lose it
that's the problem you got it you had to
look I'm sorry you had to look take the
Polaroid take these get in here and
lucky blood is a beautiful item
I will say all that mean that was I will
say I'm not using crooked penny in a way
that you probably find that interesting
remember you can't just forget penny the
double opens chest anymore so you can
use it on occasion to try to get some
doublings of of consumables if we'd like
lofty blood is I mean we're probably at
the damage cap for it but that's fine
the real value in in crooked penny is in
the second doubling because you know
there's a 50% chance I mean this is a
this is ignorant of statistics but give
me a chance here there's a 50% chance
the first doubling fails so if you have
a spirit heart 50% of the time you're
going to have zero spirit hearts of use
crooked penny 50% of the time you're
gonna have to the Eevee stays the same
but that second doubling can give you
four spirit hearts now 50% of the time
you're going to lose to 50% of the time
you're going to have four but still for
some reason despite the fact that if
that principle of like I'm just smart
enough to know how dumb I am like my my
animal brain is like the second doubling
is the most important one my my human I
know humans are animals okay you're very
intelligent I promise you this but my
higher-order functions are like you're
an idiot but I'm still like but it's
like you know there's only two options
you can win the lottery or lose the
lottery it's a 50/50 chance for damage
very very poor damage there but it's
okay will persevere I think the actual
the real way that you should approach it
is if you don't need oh brain come on
you led me down this one if you don't
need spirit arts for survival why not
shoot for the moon if you need spirit
arts for survival you should probably
pick up every single one that shows up
because a loss matters that much more
like a loss of the spirit
matters that much more as much as it
pains me to admit the real like here's
the way I'm looking at this right now is
that it's possible that we may be unable
to hit the scene we want to hit because
it may require a self-sacrifice room we
don't necessarily have a ton of HP with
which to be making a self sacrifice room
work right now so it might have been the
best choice of action to try to double
relic and Holy Light just so that we
could pick up I mean in that case we
would pick up two relics for the extra
spirit hearts and one Holy Light cos
holy light doesn't stack but the danger
of that is if it had failed we probably
wouldn't have even made boss rush so
that's why I that's why I took the again
with a sensible approach there but that
sensible approach becomes less sensible
in a situation like this where it's
possible it might hurt us we just need a
couple more spirit out stairs to seize
the day here
carpe diem means a fish hospital carpe
diem sliding into those carpe diem is
like you can do it hmm
the black hole uh we do not care thank
God it's a legitimate eihwaz rune now
it's all about self sacrifices I'm like
3,000 points below where I'd like to be
and that is pretty huge bummer so I
would do we know this know if we could
get a self-sacrifice your mother's floor
that's fine by me I'd like some spirit
arts to maybe make it pop otherwise
we're going to be in a pretty dicey
situation where we like 150 percent need
the spirit hearts from the self
sacrifice room the finance the endeavor
here the other opportunity is haggle
eyes room we got to get out of this
floor though like there's there's a
trophy at the end of this floor I think
it's worth going for
okay rarely does that work but I still
think you try what I mean by that is
that there's no trapdoor here
we can't just live for the next two
floors as if we're fine we have to as
quickly as possible find our way out
which typically at this point the high
percentage is a self-sacrifice room the
more likely we are to bring that to
fruition the better we could also just
pick up infinity consumables we have
taken the deal with the devil item now
so if we get super lucky we might be
able to get like a shovel
we've got a couple of cracks of the
shovel actually so be a great time to be
bailed out that's not the shovel and I
almost walked into the trophy neither of
these are the shovel however I think you
definitely take that and then we save
our HP in case we need it like
immediately to go to a I had sincere
apologies because we should have at
least tried to double little brimstone
if we didn't want a little broom we
should have tried to double it because
what's the worst case scenario you don't
get it but you get a penny out of it
it's actually like a win-win so that was
that was a weak play for having crooked
penny and I admit that readily sure
so we have at least two items if any of
these other ones have items they might
we should take the sacks right off the
bat because we might get super lucky
with those if any of these other ones
were preordained to have items they will
continue to have items so be lucky for
us that's going to be a lot of money
it's worth something to spirit hearts
I'll live with it that's probably going
to be our third and fourth spirit are
not just third still though okay that's
going to be another one let's just a
freaking spider dude bad luck we didn't
quite get the consumable bonus I was
hoping for there if I'm being honest I
was hoping being like 24,000 maybe
mildly unrealistic so I think you start
to panic a little bit here
you lost start to panic a little bit
here and go alright how do we get out of
this one would be maybe stars into a
narrow room barring that curse room here
maybe secret room into the curse room I
mean know so then we choose whether or
not we want to go into the curse room I
think we're probably going to want to
death to his spades maybe we should have
tried to double to a spades but I think
I've established on this run that I'm
I'm a wittle baby who does in life and
who's cuckoo penny I do like to use
crooked penny I'm just you know I'm
shaking off the boss rush adrenaline
that had me playing fast and loose and
I'm feeling the burn a little bit yeah I
was going to say there's no self
sacrifice room here just cannot exist we
also probably should have tried to
double the eihwaz room now that I think
about it I would have given us two and
maybe given us the ability to get to a
self-sacrifice room and this is an awful
moment because all of a sudden
everything is becoming
for me of course you should have gone to
the second or you should have tried to
double the eihwaz room to make it to a
less ruins it's a daily it's not just
like well you got screwed here like live
with it like you actually fairly easily
miss the chance of the seam now it might
have turned the eihwaz room into junk
how maybe you shouldn't have tried to
double the a washer now that I think
about it because if you just used that's
such a bad bomb if you would use the
eihwaz rune that gives you a guaranteed
or at least like a 90% chance of going
down to the womb one as long as it's not
a crawlspace so you go down to the womb
one you get some guaranteed points hope
for a self-sacrifice room if you try to
double it you get a 50% chance of being
able to get that second one but if you
don't get the first slide you definitely
look like an idiot I don't know it's
close I didn't from an honest appraisal
sort of situation I think this one feels
like a judgment call but we still ranked
okay but I'm regretful because I should
have shot for the moon but I didn't
anyway and I'm paying the price thanks
for watching hope you guys enjoyed the
episode if you did click the like button
ups not a great deal of course subscribe
you want to see more in the future
and for now thanks for watching hope you
enjoyed it and I'll see you next time